The only notebook we left untouched, but
we probably have to just do it on our own.
But at the same time,
this notebook is very, very documented.
And it's talking about
reinforcement learning.
So, with this example,
you will be using OpenAI gym.
If you look at their website, OpenAI
actually created amazing environment for
playing around different games, and
trying to figure out what to do with them.
In my examples, I'm using a simple
classic control, CartPole-v1.
So it just simply,
this pole you have on carts, and
you can move cart to the left or
you can move it to the right.
And the task is to try to
balance your pole, and
it's trying to preserve
the laws of physics.
Meaning that if it's bemt,
it's probably gonna fall, and
you're trying to avoid it by just moving
your cart in the corresponding direction.
And in this notebook first,
and by the way, yeah,
that's all the experiments
available through the gym.
For instance,
you can even play Atari games,
and try to, For instance,
educate your Pac-Man how to
await all those ghosts, or
play Box, and so on and so forth.
There's more advanced ones,
for instance, with MuJoCo,
you can even try to manipulate the,
Robots,
and try to educate humanoids to walk, but
you will need 3D physical engine for this.
Yeah, all right, so
in our example in this notebook, yes,
there are 800 different
environments listed all here.
Well, 859 of them, actually.
But with the CartPole,
you can just simply load this environment.
And everything to you will be
provided as those four numbers,
which actually correspond
to position of the cart.
The current velocity,
and if it's negative,
it means it's moving to the left, if
it's positive, it's moving to the right.
And that's the angle of your pole and
corresponding angular velocity.
So given all those coordinates,
you can even render.
Let's see if we can
render the environment.
Right, so
it will visualize it in a separate window.
And now,
anything I'm gonna be doing in the code,
it will simply change
the position of this cart.
So for instance, I can say what's
the size of my action space,
and it's 2, it means that I can move
to the left or I can move to the right.
And for instance, action number 1
will just move my cart to the right.
Let me try to actually put
the visualization window and
my codes on the same screen.
Here we go, okay, so
if I do this, you see it's
actually slightly moving
our cart to the right.
And we see that every time I execute this
cell, our cart's moving faster and faster.
And it's basically making
this pole fall down.
But anyway, that's the setup,
and you can play around with it.
So you can try to figure out
what action you need to take to,
well, balance the pole.
And I explained first that you can
probably try something simple.
For instance, if angle is negative,
just move to the right, and
to the left if it's positive,
move to the right, right, to balance it.
But you will also figure out quickly
that it actually introduce more and
more fluctuations to your pole.
And so
we need to be slightly smarter than that.
And Q-values or Q-Learning is
one technique how to do this.
With Q-Learning, you're just simply
saying, we have different states and
we have particular actions we can take.
And you're just simply
trying to figure out,
depending on the state,
what you have in your system,
what actions you should take to
maximize the profit or reward function.
Right, and Q-Learning is one technique
which can help you to do that.
So once again, as I said, this is
a pretty nicely documented notebook.
So I would recommend just
to go through it yourself,
play around with the provided code.
And at the end, it's actually
even using optimized solution,
the one available through
the TensorFlow hub itself.
So TensorFlow-Agents allows
you to use some of the agents
which are already being
created by somebody else.
And you can just apply those to
train your agents in, for instance,
in this case, I think it's one of
the Atari games, yeah, this one.
So you're just trying to move
your agent right to basically,
Keep this bouncing ball in the field.
But you can teach your your agent to do
exactly that, and don't lose the ball.